I see who dares
Chief, why are you here?
You shut up
Wait until I put the gun down for me
Don't you miss home?
Hey, the director can't let it go
This kid has offended the Governor
And he said no to me
Never forgive him
Do you have an opinion?
Doctor, you're right
Whoever said he deserved to be beaten to death
Mr. Li
This is the police officer our master asked me to hand over to you.
He said I look good in crucial moments
Is your house big?
Your brain is
It's the old gentleman you rescued last time.
He asked me to turn it over to you.
Let you hurry to the Flower Hall Hotel
Unload and ask him to hold it again
Libaidian
Our Miss Li Mengzhu marries reality and greets
Ok, I'll go right away
You go and help me prepare some
I want to give it to the Xie family.
Prepare a generous gift
Boss, have you checked it out?
Who dares to rob my grandson of his wife?
Check it out
It is the Sword Immortal Palace dedicated to Xie Changhe's grandson
You bully people.
All evil
I didn't expect such garbage in the Sword Immortal Palace
If Xie Wushuang really abandoned my grandson today
I will tear him to pieces